So are in the muscle in the steps.
The first thing that we need to do to create the rest is to start by creating the service fight up the
messages that we used to send the service requests and the service response.
And for this we need to go our package.
So this is our package was essential.
And then we need to create a folder called s r RB So we have as RC a different source files as are the.
Of one that was not created in your package.
Then you can create a great image like this and then you coding as army or cells and then inside these
four other women define the set of the site.
So let's look at the content of the service file he called the set of file to in the US Army.
So observe the example here is as are we.
So in this use your code we can go to the Father as Arby and you click on the file that you have just
joined.
So as you have observed from the description we have a service request that contains two integers 8
and B or x and y.
So these are the two integers that will be sent from the client to the server and you're in the bottom
but we have the response of the server which is only one value that represents the sum.
And so this is what we call the service definition.
So every surface definition has two parts.
One part that represents the request it will contain all the parameters and all the arguments that the
service we need to perform the service logic and then the bottom part with get a result the service
response.
So after the definition of the server side we need to compile it so that to convert it into a source
code for C++ and for Python.
So now there are a certain number of steps that we need to follow in order to compile the satisfied.
And of course it has to be done only once when the service is created.
So the first thing we need to do is to go to package that exciseman.
So remember here in your package you have two important files one that is called the make list and the
other one that is called package that.
It provides a description on the package and it provides all the information needed for the compilation.
So we need to modify the package good X-Men and also to make is that DXi so important.
Ex-Im and we need to add two lines if it is not done the first line that you need to act is the patent
message generation and also exit the banner message runtime.
So if you don't add this information here the request message and the response message will not be generated.
So these modules here are responsible for reading the server side and then converting it into a source
code for C++ and for bison.
And they will show you later on the source code.
So this is the first thing that you need to do in package look excellent.
And then you have to do also for modification.
You make these DXi and these modifications whatever you work with Python or work with C++.
You have to make them whenever you want to create new or service messages.
So first of all find package here you have to make sure that you have a message generation module present
here because this one will be responsible for the message generation.
So this is important here.
And then you have to define your service file.
You have to find the service file into the service section.
So here you have access to these files.
OK.
We can write it in multiple lines we need her.
And here you specify all the files so you specify one by one.
And this is to eat that s.
RB It's the fight that we are looking for here.
So I did just make list that DXP to be considered for the compilation.
Now we are ready to generate the source files from the servers definition.
So after doing that we can go to the catkin workspace and compile.
OK I have the message already created so now we can verify that our service source code was created
so we can go to the catkin workspace divan include Russ discussions or TBP.
And here we can find our service file created here.
So we have to ease that age in request and in response that age.
So all three different files are created for every service so we can open the file.
Ok so this find it defines the structure for the service and it defines the request.
It defines the response here.
So these files are totally deleted after the compilation.
OK.
And will be responsible for the execution of the service.
We can also look at the two other files so you can see your request it defines a and b to integers.
So these are the integers that will be used to send the request and the response file it will contain
some variable that we be sent back to the client or also provide you a nice fu to verify that your service
is working.
You can use the command.
The rest is part of the show and then the name of the status of the site.
So this provides us nice tools to check the services created in our workspace.
We can use those as part of the list.
So there are a lot of commands that we can use.
You can use list here like we did with the embassy.
OK.
And here you can find all the services created in your trust installation including the ones that you
have defined and that were defined by the system as well.
For example we can identify where the service shows underscores the BP slash to ease.
So now we are able to see that our service is already defined in our system.
I can now have more information about the service I can use.
Russ is part of the show.
And then the service say that they have identified that it's OK.
Now that will give us information that our service has a request maintaining a b and the response at
the site and by the way we can use just the name of the service without specifying the name of the package.
It will leave all the packages that define the same service.
So for example we can't know yet that it is defined in the package.
Essentially CBP and that is what you find in spite of stories.
If I go rusty the crossfire tutorials will get there is an.
RB I can go to as an idiot and will find to eat that s r b so I can look at the content.
And yet if this is the same one OK so you can see is defined in this package as well.
So this is the first step is to create the sort of fight.